Thanks to the world's shemale skills, although not fully restored
But it's also good
If the power is restored, the power of the bones will be restored together
God bone is too toxic, did you know that?
Now the orchid cheats may not be able to withstand it for long
A conservative estimate is that you only have half a year to live
I, Xiao Yingfeng, was reborn by relying on the deep valley
I don't expect anything
Avenge my god Yunzong for my first enemy
Master, is the master alright?
Master hero
Hero, please forgive me.
I didn't expect that.
The leader of this faction
It was reduced to the bottom of kneeling and begging for mercy
When I spoke wildly just now
Isn't the momentum very big?
Why are you kneeling now? I win first
Quit the battle of the gods
We withdraw
quit quit
This handsome guy really impresses me
But don't you forget
Sister hasn't made a move yet
Don't you think I'm also a master at snatching the Excalibur?
Right?
Defeat with this person